feat(enforce-exhaustive-useUnit-destructuring): add new rule for destructured units (#175)
effector/eslint-plugin: src/rules/prefer-useUnit-destructuring/prefer-useUnit-destructuring.md

---

> description: Ensures that all units passed to useUnit are properly destructured to avoid unused subscriptions and implicit re-renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Ensure all units passed to useUnit are properly destructured to avoid unused subscriptions and implicit re-renders
```

Just a small touch-up to remove the dot and use correct form.
